Vegetables
Do you mean Doudou's mother has another lover?
Nice strong dish
You are so disgusting
You are for the ideal
Brother Zhenting and I
You can say anything
Doudou is not my biological
Are you his mother?
You really don't cry when you see the coffin?
What is this?
Paternity test certificate
I, Jiang Xue, how dare you lie to me?
You are not Doudou's mother at all
That woman wasn't you at all that night
Make it clear
So you are not Doudou's biological mother
I trust you so much
You liar
That's not true.
No.
This paternity test is fake
Why do you say he is fake?
You never got a chance to get my hair
How can there be an identification sample?
How could this paternity test be real?
Who says I can't get your hair?
Think about it for yourself
You bad guy
I'll kill you.
You let me go
So you're trying to get my hair?
Do a paternity test
Well, it will lead me to your house
You just understand now
Don't you think it's a little late?
Doudou's mother
Who is it?